Update functions tables docs (#17071)
netdata/netdata: src/collectors/plugins.d/functions-table.md

}
```

> ### ${\color{yellow}IMPORTANT}$
> 
> On Data values, `timestamp` column value must be in unix micro.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Important Note**
>
> On Data values, `timestamp` column value must be in unix micro.
```

Author: changed, although I think it will remove the emphasis it should have

Reviewer: If you want to have it as it was go for it, if this is not in Learn I won't gatekeep it, it's just that yellow was not looking good, and the preview style was odd to me
